What's the matter? I was smiling just now
Why are you looking melancholy now?
senior
I still want to take Qingqing abroad
Don't want to be here
I know I just told Qingqing about this.
You only have one god now
It's the child's turn alone
It is better to go back to a foreign country for two people
What about Qingqing?
He went to the toilet and he said he would be back later
Dad, where are you?
Lao Chen, I said that I am in good health
I have to do a physical examination
Hi, it's alright.
Ouch oops
Hahaha, sorry.
Grandpa, are you alright?
Oh, it's okay, whose child is this little girl?
My mom is Ji Yanxi
A beautiful woman
Grandpa, why are you asking this?
Oh old Chen Na
Look at this little girl and Zeyuan's mother
They look identical.